at some point in the game usually during
World Number two Mario will get a letter
from the chimp inviting him to return to
the fluffy Bluff galaxy and play a brand
new mini day yes the chimp says he has
the best score ever in this game nobody
can get a better score than him until
Mario is going to call his fluffy bluff
and tried to gain himself
hey how's it going my name is the gym
nice mustache I got a score of 10,000
points see if you can beat it and i'll
get you a star okay so like the trip
said you need to jump on enemies and get
coins like this whoops i mean like this
dude 34 aha how's that now as you can
see when you jump on enemies in a row
we'll get extra points so you know your
jump on one enemy you get a hundred
points jump on two enemies in a row you
get 200 points jump off three enemies in
a row and you get 300 points that's
basically the goal of this game is to
jump on all the enemies and put all the
coins what you want to do is jump on as
many enemies in a row as you possibly
can to get as many points as you
possibly can you'll want to use the spin
technique to great effect like I did
right there because it keeps Mario in
air or I don't know about an extra half
second so it gives you more time to jump
on top of the enemies
here we have a whole bunch of enemies
which we can jump upon you can also
destroy that ? block or five golden
coins of course it's difficult to jump
on all these enemies in row because they
keep firing at you and it looks like I'm
really really close to the end time is
running out but don't worry because i
only need to destroy all the plight of
these enemies and get through coins and
yes okay okay high score i got the high
score take that mr. shim a fantastic you
might be an amazing rival buddy here's
your star thank you for the star miss
tricks in no thanks i'm not going to
come back to get a higher score i'm just
going to take my star and leave
and unless I'm mistaken luffy bluff
galaxy it's now complete all right I
wasn't mistaken galaxy complete